Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Our next lot. ladies and gentlemen.
is a beautiful painting
by the legendary painter Widajat.
called The Wilderness.
Dimensions: 110 by 125 centimeters.
I'll start at 700 million rupiah.
Seven hundred million.
Thank you. lady number 24.
Seven hundred and fifty million.
Thank you. gentleman number 31.
Eight hundred million.
Mr. Oliver. thank you. sir.
Mr. Oliver with 800 million.
-Raise. now.
-Eight hundred and fifty million.
Thank you to gentleman number 19.
Eight hundred and fifty million.
Hold it. Hold.
A painting with
countless mysteries behind it.
Did I hear 900 million?
-Mr. Robert! With 900 million rupiah!
-Get ready to raise.
How about 950 million rupiah?
There's a mystery behind it.
-It would look beautiful on display.
-Fake?
Nine hundred and fifty million.
ladies and gentlemen?
That's good.
All right.
Nine hundred million going once.
Do you know the master forger?
Nine hundred million going twice.
Nine hundred million going thrice.
Sold to Mr. Robert. Thank you.
Piko. Dini has sent
the 50 million to my crypto.
Since the market is on the rise.
do you want to wait. or…
Ucup. sorry I can't wait.
My tuition fee is due this month.
Okay. I'll close it
and send it to you right away.
All right. I'm going to
the visiting room. Bye.
Ucup. I don't know how you get
your hands on these things.
Awesome.
By the way. don't forget
my Bob Dylan harmonica.
Just pay for that one first.
Harmonica is easy-peasy.
Okay. I'll transfer it now.
Here you go.
-No problem.
-Coffee. Ucup?
Hey. thanks.
-I should go now.
-What? What's the rush?
-I thought you wanted the Bob Dylan thing.
-You got it already?
-That's crazy.
-Yep!
Hey. Lan! Put everything on my tab.
-Hey. thanks. Man.
-No worries.
Veggies!
LEGAL ACTION BEING TAKEN
OVER LAND AND BUILDING!
Oh no! Stop!
Piko! Cut the power! Now!
All good?
It should be.
That's never happened before.
I wonder too.
Hey. Why didn't you tell me
that Sarah was there?
I felt bad.
You know her.
She hates it when
she doesn't know what I'm doing.
What's so bad about
being friends with her anyway?
Do you have the money
to pay for the meal here?
I can't chip in for now.
Don't worry. You just sit down
and enjoy the meal.
Ucup and I just hit the jackpot.
If you keep yourself busy
with Ucup all the time.
when will you finish your final project?
You said you didn't want to pay
the tuition fees anymore.
You wanted to hold an exhibition
in a gallery.
-Sarah…
-The offer is right in front of you.
What's in front of us now
is an expensive and delicious meal.
Are you sure you don't want
to finish it first?
We don't come from wealthy families.
We can't just relax while waiting
for our parents to send us money.
I should join the National Sports Week
so they continue giving me the scholarship
and I can start my thesis.
You?
You've struggled. paying for tuition.
You're just going to
let it go down the drain at the end?
What I'm trying to build with Ucup
will give me a settled life.
It's always Ucup.
Why is he always involved
in the things that you're not telling me?
What a perfect dinner.
Guys. sorry for being late.
Thank goodness you've ordered
something. I'm starving.
Let me have some.
Is our athlete on a diet?
Why aren't you eating?
Here. just eat everything.
Thanks. Sarah.
Anyway.
National Sports Week is in four months.
You must be doing heavy training.
What about you and your fake goods?
All going smoothly there?
You don't filter your words. do you?
I don't sell fake stuff. Sarah.
All my stuff is original but affordable.
So it's not only the rich
that can afford that kinda stuff.
Is there anything you want?
I have everything.
Don't worry. just tell me
and I'll find it for you.
So you could see it for yourself.
How's your father in Bandung?
You're going right back
to Jakarta after this?
Won't it hurt your wallet.
going back and forth here?
We can look for money. Dad.
It's easy.
I miss you.
I just don't want to be a burden to you.
The older you get.
the more needs you have to meet.
If you keep coming every week
for the next 18 years.
does that make sense?
You told me that you were framed.
Where are your friends now?
They live a nice life.
going to different parties every day
with hundreds of billions in their hands.
If one day I see one of your friends.
Uncle Retno. Uncle Rudi.
if I ever see them. I will…
What will you do then?
There will be no end.
So. this is it?
There's absolutely nothing more we can do
to get another appeal?
I have a lawyer friend.
He said he could help.
But they're asking for two billion
to re-open the case.
Two billion?
The more I think about it.
the less I know what to do.
I'm stuck.
What is it?
You know how much Dini paid us. right?
50 million?
Here. your Widajat painting
was bought for 900 million at auction.
That means Dini got
a huge profit from your work.
You have forged the work of six maestros.
and none of the buyers knew
that those were fake paintings.
What if we re-negotiate
the price for our next project?
Ask her for a more fair price.
Three paintings would be enough.
And we could help your father out.
-Three?
-Yes. three.
Take notes.
As we should.
Nice.
Lee Man Fong.
-Hold on.
-Jeihan.
Sunaryo.
Suharmanto.
-Supriyadi.
-I don't know any of them. Piko.
-Come on!
-Pick the more famous ones.
-Just anyone!
-All right. Raden Saleh!
-Raden Saleh?
-Why not?
Him. I know!
Okay. I'll gather the data now.
Yes.
Reporting. sir.
A second report on the painting forgery
case just came in this afternoon.
Whose painting was the first one?
Affandi. The second one
was a Widajat painting.
Have you gotten feedback
from the National Gallery?
Not yet.
They would need to invite
an investigator from Belgium
to see whether the painting is forged.
And?
They don't have the budget for it.
Then we can't turn this into a case.
And it's not our job
to investigate fake paintings.
What?
My father is asleep.
You joining the race tonight?
I'm sleepy.
Lame.
By the way. tell your father
to pay the rent on time next month.
All right.
-How am I going to get in?
-Just come in. Quietly.
Hurry.
Don't make a noise.
-Hurry up! You're so slow!
-All right!
Won't you catch a cold
if you go home by motorbike every day?
-If I were you. I wouldn't…
-Let it go. Grandma.
Are we going to talk about this every day?
What kind of life will you lead
if you end up with a painter?
I apologize
for making you
take responsibility for all this.
I just wanted to say
that we might only have
a year left in this residence.
Yes. Grandma. I'll find a way.
Go!
All good?
Hey. wanna bet more?
He's gonna win. Tuktuk.
Come on.
You scared?
Bet more.
Just go all in. He's winning.
How much is it?
-Three million.
-You sure?
Piss off.
Gofar topped up for three million.
-Gofar. what's happening?
-What?
-What is it?
-The clutch is busted.
Shit. seriously?
Fuck!
What's wrong?
What happened?
The clutch got busted.
Might be the piston.
-Maybe.
-I checked it earlier.
Let's find a replacement in Mangga Besar.
-That's the problem.
-What?
I bet our last three million…
Dad's going to kill us.
If we keep getting ripped off like this.
when are we going to open our own garage?
Before you give us another job.
I just want to say
that we don't just need the money.
but we want a fair share.
Come with me.
-Hendra Gunawan?
-What?
-No.
I know.
Another Sudjojono?
Raden Saleh.
Which series?
Portrait of the Sultans and VOC Officials
or The Horseman?
Neither.
But those series' bodywork
is easier to forge
because both series are difficult to trace
and have very messy documentation.
The Arrest of Prince Diponegoro.
What do you think?
-Are you serious?
-Yes.
You're insane. Let's go.
-We have a huge deal.
-We'll end up in jail.
This isn't a forgery. It's a replication.
Yes. As detailed
and identical as possible.
-Ucup.
-How much?
Ucup!
One billion in a month's time.
Fair enough?
Two billion. Take it or leave it.
This isn't just a forgery.
This is making…
What did Dini say?
As detailed and identical as possible.
That.
But. if we succeed.
the money will solve your problem
right away.
The Arrest of Prince Diponegoro
isn't just a painting.
More than its high complexity
of color and technique.
this painting also holds a wide range
of emotions and symbolism.
First.
the event is depicted in
a vague setting.
It's either morning or afternoon.
Raden Saleh's protest
against this fraudulent arrest
can be seen from his depiction
of the Dutch as dwarfs.
On the other hand.
take a closer look at Diponegoro.
He made him look very gallant.
The gesture seems as if
he's challenging his captors.
This is the maestro's work.
This painting is such
a big deal for Indonesia.
Not only because Raden Saleh
is our first modern art symbol.
but also because this painting
is a symbol of resistance.
But…
But why is Dini asking us to make this?
Gosh. enough already.
Stop overthinking.
I'll bring you the last restoration data
from Germany 2012 tomorrow. okay?
We'll also look for the canvas.
-See you. Man.
-Take care.
Ouch!
Here's the data.
-Three!
-Your girl is even cooler now.
-You scared?
-I am.
Of course you are.
Where did you get these?
Well…
Their servers are easy to break into.
So I just took everything.
Is that enough?
These should do.
There's so much.
You're awesome.
Three!
All right. I should go.
Okay.
I think
I won't be able to see you
for the next week or two.
Really?
Haven't you been gone for like a week?
I'm doing my final project.
You told me to. remember?
Also. my lecturer can't shut up
and keeps asking about my progress.
Not even going out for a bite
or bringing you a meal?
I'm just trying to focus
and eliminate distractions. that's all.
Distractions?
-You mean I'm a distraction?
-No.
So. when you said I was your muse.
it was just a lie?
-Yes. no.
-Yes or no?
-What do you mean?
-Yes. No.
No…
Yes. No. Yes.
-Sarah…
-I don't get it.
Sarah!
-Sarah!
-All right. I get it.
Let's just go.
I need to start the project today.
Okay.
I never asked you
to pick me up or take me home.
I can get myself a cab.
Sarah.
Finish your final project.
I understand.
Where do I put this. Piko?
-Over here.
-Okay.
I'm going out.
Where?
To get some fresh air. My head's spinning
that we're so far from being finished.
Ucup.
How's the heater?
-It's difficult.
-Come on. Man.
-When are we going to wrap it up?
-All right.
I'll continue right away.
Hold on.
Gofar!
Sorry.
Can I ask you for a favor?
What favor? What is it?
It's here. That's fast.
Take it.
-Gofar!
-Yep.
Your package is here.
Nice.
-So many.
-Let's unwrap them.
It's safe.
-Give it a try?
-Yes.
-It's working.
-Good.
Smart!
Good. right?
Sir!
-Ucup!
-What?
-Turn it off. it's done!
-It is?
You're a genius. Pik!
Good job!
-It's awesome!
-What are you guys doing?
So. I'm just a friend
for you to have a meal with?
For you. dating is only about
picking me up and taking me home?
Are you my boyfriend or my driver?
Who's your girlfriend? Me or Ucup?
A moment. please! I'm talking to Piko!
-Sar. I'm…
-Are you asking me for a fight?
Two billion. Sarah.
I need two billion
to take my father's case
for an appeal to the Supreme Court.
The one helping me
is Ucup.
Ucup gave me this job
to forge Raden Saleh's painting.
This is the only thing I could do
to get that much money.
You happy now?
Why did you never tell me this?
What for?
What for. Sarah?
You have National Sports Week.
And you must pass
or they will withdraw your scholarship.
In the end. this will just add
one more thing for you to worry about.
What good would it do?
I'm not giving you any more burdens.
I'm sorry. Piko.
I'm sorry too.
I don't mean to disturb you.
The transaction with Dini is in an hour.
so we should go now.
I'm coming with you.
I said I'm coming.
Let's go.
Why is she bringing a party?
Hey.
This feels scary.
Piko. Ucup.
Hey.
Who's that?
Don't worry.
She's my artisan.
She's been with me
since the first project.
You're young. but you act all high
by using an artisan.
Is this it?
I tried making this
as detailed and identical as possible.
Even to the canvas choice.
as you can see for yourself.
But what's on this surface
was based on the restoration data of 2012.
The rest and its condition today
we have no record of it.
Mr. Permadi?
Very exceptional.
It's like looking
right into the painting I had
in my old office.
You did great.
Are you…
Piko Subiakto?
That would be me.
Here's 45 ETH.
Two billion.
-Yes.
-Okay?
Wait.
I have a more interesting offer.
I'll add 315 ETH more.
That means 17 billion in total.
If you can swap this painting
with the original one in my office.
Wait. you mean the one
in the presidential palace?
Two billion is nothing
compared to 17 billion.
But. sir.
we are not thieves.
When I make a plan.
it's always a mature plan.
All you have to do is execute it.
Then. you can go with that money.
Would anyone turn it down?
She's right.
We're not thieves.
We're…
just students looking for a side job.
The two billion you promised us is enough.
Whatever you want to do with this painting
is none of my business.
I want my two billion.
Don!
Do you know who this is?
Budiman Subiakto.
Isn't this your father?
I can make your father suffer more.
To serve his time longer.
Or make him fight and die there.
You don't have a choice. Piko.
Three weeks from now.
there will be an annual exhibition
of the presidential palace's collection
at the National Museum.
You'll have a chance to swap the painting
when it's being moved.
There's 500 million rupiah there.
Take it.
You guys can use it as the funds
to start working
and to look for a crew.
Let's go. Dini.
Ucup.
Dini's your acquaintance. right?
So how could the ex-president be there?
Why are you blaming me?
You've been so angry all day.
-How can I not be angry?
-Enough!
We've fucked up and now we're trapped!
Piko.
You're not considering it. are you?
Then. what should I do. Sarah?
The one who's an ex-president is Permadi.
He's the one with the power.
Us?
What are we?
Only normal citizens!
We have nothing!
Why?
If something happens to my dad.
what should I do?
If what Permadi said really happens.
what should I do. Sarah?
I don't know why Permadi
wants that painting.
But. if I have to break down
our situation.
there are two things to be considered.
The pros and cons of all this.
The first pro.
Uncle Budiman's problem
will be cleared in no time.
Two billion rupiah in one month.
and he'll be safe from Permadi's threat.
The second pro.
How to sell the painting.
There. the funds.
It's right there in front of our eyes.
The third one.
If we succeed.
we will have 15 billion left.
15 billion.
But. the cons…
Well. we're not thieves.
I'm not saying we can't.
but we don't have the experience.
And second.
if we get caught.
we will end up like your father.
The fourth pro.
If we dare to do this.
our safety. my dad's life. and our lives
will also be safe
from our mad ex-president's threats.
But…
But. we don't have a choice.
If we can perfectly execute this.
maybe we can get away with it.
Aren't you scared. Sarah?
Ucup.
This isn't just about Piko's father.
It's also about our safety.
Piko. you. me. we were all there.
And the money.
The money can be used for my grandma.
And us. Piko.
Now. we need to break down
the plan given by Dini and Permadi.
Here. look at this.
Permadi only gave us
the logistics company's profile.
While we need detailed information
about the logistics company that
the palace has been using all this time.
This logistics company has been using
the same route for the past 12 years.
Give me time
to study all of Permadi's plans.
We need to know
the traffic conditions
at the time of delivery
and find the safest point
for the swap.
But.
we need a getaway driver.
-And a mechanic who'll fulfill our needs.
-Piko.
Pik. where are you going?
I got an idea.
You think taking a customer's car
to join a race
is a brilliant idea?
You're both idiots.
Even though you have different mothers.
the way you both act
is identically stupid.
Well. we have the same father.
You dare talk back to me?!
Dad. but this is BMW E30.
-How could we get the money?
-That's right. It's too expensive.
I don't care.
-Uncle!
-The point is…
Oh. Piko.
If you're here for rent. I'm sorry.
I think I'll be late paying
this month's rent.
It's because of these two brats.
We'll talk about the rent later.
Right now. I need to talk to them both.
Oh.
Hey. You two can't be happy just yet.
Find the money to replace that engine.
Okay?
Hey.
You need money?
Follow me.
So…
each of us will get our own share.
Three billion rupiah.
Damn. We can build our own garage.
But. to polish our plan.
we still have to hack into
the painting delivery logistic system.
The problem is.
This company is insanely old school.
Their database isn't even on the net.
Yeah…
If they still do it old school.
then we'll do the same.
Are you serious. Ucup?
Twenty minutes from now.
pick us up at the safe zone.
Got it.
Are you sure we're using these?
It's just Airsoft gel.
This will be our alibi if we get caught.
We will just look like
some naughty brats who broke in.
-Gofar. sorry.
-Are you crazy?
-That stings!
-Stop. You're not using this. okay?
Hey. where's Gofar?
Gofar?
Where's Gofar?
Hey.
What are you doing? There's no one here.
-Ucup.
-What?
What are we looking for?
The schedule or the staff list.
Oh. yeah.
Why are they taking so long?
How should I know?
Ucup. is this the right one?
-There. thief!
-Hey!
-There's a thief!
-We're busted!
-Ucup! Run!
-Thief!
Oh. yeah!
-Wait for me. Sarah!
-Thief! Don't run!
-Sarah!
Hey! Stop! Hey! Thief!
Hey. thief! Stop!
-Hey!
-Sarah!
-What's your name?
-Faisal.
You dare mess with me?
Don't make me pull the trigger.
Fuck. I pulled it.
A toy!
Come here.
Hey!
Come on!
-Gofar!
-Don't look back.
Gofar!
Hey! Stop right there!
PT. SENO PATI EXPRESS ADMINISTRATION
We need one more person. Ucup.
We need someone with privilege.
who has some leverage.
and who at least has
the resources to make changes.
-Am I right?
-Someone who makes more sense.
More human.
Smarter.
A rich kid with criminal sense.
And who doesn't need money.
Well.
Maybe someone who just wants
a thriller-seeking adventure.
Like Batman?
A night owl?
No.
Crazy rich.
Okay.
I have the perfect candidate.
Hit.
You marked the cards. didn't you?
It's impossible to win 12 times in a row.
If you can prove that I'm cheating.
take all the money in my bag.
No one wants to go on?
What about this?
Is it not enough?
Are you new here?
I'm not in the mood
to play with a new guy.
Okay. How about this?
30 million.
-Sit. Please sit.
-Okay.
Hit.
Yes.
You're scared?
You're too bold.
I told you. she'll play you.
I like how bold you are.
I understand your play style.
You let your opponent win first.
so they will raise the bet.
Then. you'll finish them
when they go all in.
You're crazy.
You got money to burn?
What if I say yes?
All in.
Jeep Cherokee 1994. limited edition.
I don't understand your motivation.
But if you're asking me on a date
by wasting money like this…
Okay.
What if I give you an adventure
worth 2.5 billion?
Can you still say that
it's not your play style?
So?
Are you in?
This is all for me. right?
Okay.
Gofar.
-Gofar. look.
-What is it?
Seriously?
Hey.
You both are also here. Hi!
What is it?
Let's go.
Come in.
-Guys. this is Fella.
-Wait.
-You invited her?
-Yeah.
-To our team?
-Yeah. What about it?
You're mad. No. We both quit.
Why would I be on the same team
with some bookie? I'd be crazy.
Sorry. Piko. I'm out.
What?
This girl has swindled both me
and Gofar so many times.
You don't want anything
to do with some bookie.
or you're afraid of always losing to one?
-If you weren't a girl. you'd be dead.
-Wow. chill.
Hey. What's your deal with girls?
I'm a girl too.
I could kick both of your asses here
if I wanted to.
Hey. stop.
We're here for the same reason.
Money.
So you're in or not?
Enough.
Leave your personal matters
back on the race field.
Sita.
We have a duty to guard a national asset.
No one wants to take this job.
so I have to give this to you.
You'll be coming with my team. okay?
The Arrest of Prince Diponegoro
by Raden Saleh?
And so…
Our chance to swap the paintings
is only at the time of delivery.
Actually. your plan is okay.
But. there are still so many
missing details.
Loopholes here and there.
Now. how are you guys
going to get the delivery schedule
if they still record it manually?
Don't tell me that you've been stealthily
breaking in to get the data?
Gofar! Where's Tuktuk?
I don't know!
Stop running! Hey!
Hey! Stop!
Well. we were inspired by a game.
Well…
And?
You got an idea?
We
need two people to infiltrate
this company as staff.
Not bribing the driver.
You don't want to leave
any traces. do you?
That's why…
we need you.
We'll make a diploma for Gofar and Tuktuk.
so they can get a job there.
-Us?
-Of course.
Who else?
INDONESIA JAYA UNIVERSITY DIPLOMA
Okay.
Then. do we have to
get a job there ourselves?
Of course not. stupid.
My mom's chief of staff
will take care of you two.
RELIABLE FAST SHIPPING
Come in. Tuktuk!
To the right.
To the right. Stop!
-That one has this.
-How is it?
-Where is it?
-Is this it?
-Yeah.
-It looks similar.
Easy.
Piko.
Here.
Can you handle that?
Of course. It's me.
There. You can check it.
There's a red button. Press it.
I'm great. right?
I'm even better than Carhood.
I'll be resting.
I need to build the mood.
Okay.
I didn't take my leave last year.
And I can't take it this year either.
I even promised my children a trip.
Well. well. well.
That's the opposite for me.
I just won a six-person vacation to Bali.
I'm new here.
I can't take any leave yet.
When is the date of the vacation?
January 22nd.
Do you want it?
I'll take care of it.
Let me play this for you. okay?
Hey. Ucup.
Book tickets to Bali for six people.
On behalf of Yudi Sugandi.
Yes.
How is it going?
Do you know who will deliver the painting?
Here. The assignment letter.
Me and Gofar.
Why didn't you just tell us in chat?
-Yeah.
-So that there's tension.
Just like all those heist movies.
Gofar. Tuktuk. follow me.
I want to show you guys something.
-What?
-Come here.
It's similar.
-You're crazy. Piko.
-Mad.
You're mad.
It's great.
What about the engine series?
Can you really do that?
Patience. Don't fucking rush me.
-You good?
-Patience.
-Pull me out.
-Okay.
Don't you think
asking Gofar to copy the machine series
is too much?
I'm just fixing the loopholes
in your plan.
Really?
I thought you were just a thrill-seeker
who was secretly a narcissist
and always wanted to be
the center of attention.
Turns out you're deceitful too.
It's fun. isn't it?
Looking through my digital history?
My social media accounts.
starting from Steller. Blogspot…
What else?
-Up to…
-Up to your secret Instagram account.
A place for your rants
along with your subject pictures?
So. all this time…
That's what you call a strategy. Fella.
What about this tunnel?
Is your strategy with this tunnel as good
as your strategy of flirting with me?
Your house seems so quiet.
Make sure you have enough rest.
Okay.
You too.
-Are Mom and Dad home?
-Not yet. miss.
This will be the route.
I want you to be on your guard.
What could the threat be?
Who would be crazy enough
to steal a painting?
This delivery is almost without threat.
But I want
the escort to be just like it has been
the last two years.
The escorting protocol was pioneered
by Ex-President Permadi.
Sir.
We're coming. Ucup.
Good morning. everyone.
Guys. We're on standby.
Relax. Calm down.
Everything is under control.
Three kilometers to the tunnel.
10-8 National Gallery.
Code 819.
Hey. we've passed the monument.
Fella. Piko.
-Ready?
-I'm in.
Ready. Sarah?
Hey. you're blocking the way. miss.
I'm sorry. sir. My car broke down.
I don't understand why.
-Are you serious. miss?
-I apologize.
I don't know why.
Suddenly smoke's coming out of my car.
You're blocking the way. miss.
I'm sorry. Everyone. This…
CRYPTOCURRENCY INVESTMENT MADE EASY
Keep the pace. guys.
The tunnel's still 200 meters away.
Hey.
Why are there two trucks?
It's causing traffic to bank back
a long way back. miss.
It's an electric car.
I don't understand how to fix it either.
-Gosh!
-Look at the traffic. miss!
Ucup. it's chaos here.
A lot of people are starting to help.
Improvise. Fella.
My car broke down. sir. Sorry!
It broke down.
Code 9-1 going southeast.
Entering the central tunnel.
There's a blockade at the end. Captain.
Piko. Tuktuk.
How much longer?
I'm almost at the point. Ucup.
Gofar. Piko is behind us.
Already?
I can't see him.
-We clear?
-Yeah.
Tuktuk. I'll move in right now. okay?
I'll get into position right now. okay?
Piko.
I'm sorry. sir.
I don't know how to fix it.
Wait a minute. sir.
Ucup. the police are approaching.
What should I do?
Tuktuk. I'll move. okay?
I'll overtake the car in front.
Miss.
Yes. sir?
What happened with your car. miss?
My car broke down. sir.
It's the police.
We were hit by the police.
-By the police!
-Piko. let's get away!
Reverse!
Hey! Abort the mission!
Abort!
Fella. get away from there right now.
Fella! You hear me?
Fella!
What's going on?
Just crash it!
Hey!
Just go! Go!
Whoa!
Hey!
Can you help me?
-Fel!
-I'm sorry. Sir. It's because…
-Honey! My car broke down.
-What is it. honey?
-Wait. let me check.
-Yes. yes. Please wait. sir.
-Yeah.
-Wait a minute. sir.
Damn!
Move!
-Come on. Tuktuk!
-Why are there three lines?
Hey. move away!
363! 363! Code 363!
How about the others. Ucup?
What about your car?
We have to find a safe place first.
Then we'll find the others.
-Watch out!
-Go!
Watch out!
Sarah. let's get away.
-Sarah. run!
-Piko.
Come on. Sarah. Run.
-Sarah. run!
-Stop!
Piko!
Ugh!
Stop!
Hey!
-It's the police. Get away!
-Where to?
How can we get away?
Where are you going?
Shit!
Watch out!
Upstairs.
Hey!
Hey. stop!
Move!
This is a safe place.
Here.
I won't say a word to your parents.
-It'll be all right.
-Okay.
I'll try to find more information outside.
-Okay?
I think we're safe here.
Does he know anything?
I may have told him.
Are you out of your mind?
-Do you want to get caught?
-I said we're safe!
He's our only way of finding out
what's going on outside.
He's got connections.
Gito works for my mom.
but I trust him more than her!
Understand?
So now what?
About what?
What's next?
There is no next step!
It's all fucked up!
I don't know what to do.
Why is there no info
about a guard using
a civilian car in Permadi's plan?
Fuck you!
I should've never trusted you!
I didn't know the cops
would be there either!
You asshole!
Damn it!
What about the others?
I don't want Piko.
of all people. to get caught.
Why him?
His mom died when he was a kid.
And his father…
He went to jail for robbery
a few years ago.
And here I thought I had it rough.
Mine are nothing compared to his problems.
-It's all my fault. Fella.
-No. it's not.
It's not all your fault.
If the cops hadn't arrived…
Who's that?
Sarah.
Don't you dare leave me again!
Have I ever left you?
I wasn't leaving you. Sarah!
I was telling you to run!
I wasn't expecting the cops!
Hey.
Tuktuk got caught.
What do we do now?
Oh. God.
We're fugitives now.
What about my grandma?
Oh. grandma.
I'm worried for my dad's safety.
If you remain silent
and do not cooperate.
I can't guarantee
that I can help you ease your sentence.
Who were the other two that
ran away from the truck?
They caught a driver called Tuktuk.
Your friend's car is now a crime scene.
Do you know Yusuf Hamdan?
Isn't he your friend?
WANTED LIST
His cover has likely been blown.
You should be careful.
-Okay.
-Call me if you need anything.
Thank you.
Is the phone secured?
Piko is safe.
But they got Tuktuk.
Gito said the cops might know who you are.
Okay.
Excuse me.
The National Gallery
is asking about the painting.
The HQ wants to speed this up
so they can hold the exhibition on time.
It's a direct order from the palace.
The strange thing is.
we got these paintings
from two similar trucks.
Not only are they the same painting.
but the two trucks were identical.
even down to their engine series number.
Not just anyone
could pull off this robbery.
They're capable enough to not only steal
but also switch the paintings.
More importantly.
we can't tell which one is real
and which is fake.
The National Gallery suggests
calling the palace's curator.
Well. send them a letter.
Let them check this tomorrow.
Yes. sir.
Sita. come on.
I want this room highly secured.
This painting is worth
hundreds of millions.
Yes. ma'am.
Can I help you?
I'd like to see Mr. Arman.
This way. ma'am.
I'm Arman.
I'm Dini.
-Are you the palace's curator?
-Yes.
Where is the painting?
In the evidence room.
Thank you for not revealing
this matter to the public.
-Come on in.
-Come.
I'll begin now. Mr. Arman.
Mr. Arman. Ms. Sita.
I've marked the real The Arrest of
Prince Diponegoro with a red label.
You may immediately
take it to the National Gallery.
And we'll deal with the fake painting.
We have a special procedure
to dispose of fake paintings.
It's a national treasure category.
after all.
What's the matter?
You can talk to me.
Hey. Look at me.
What is it?
Is Sarah pregnant?
So what is it?
You're my son. You're strong.
Of all the people in this world.
I know you're the strongest.
You're the toughest guy I know.
If you can't tell me whatever you're
dealing with. I'll tell you one thing.
Face it.
Face the problem like you always do.
Time's up.
Sir. Time's up.
Don't trust anyone else.
Trust yourself.
Dad.
Take care.
Let's move.
The annual exhibition
of the palace's collection
is finally here today.
after a year's delay due to the pandemic.
The public is looking forward
to visiting even before its opening date
since this gallery features the phenomenal
The Arrest of Prince Diponegoro
by Raden Saleh.
Sorry. Sorry. move aside.
Sir! You can't go there.
Amazing.
Careful.
You now possess the most valuable
painting in history. sir.
This isn't about the painting. Dini.
This country has robbed
my political career.
and my son. Rama.
This is the day of my revenge.
You can get your money
in the safe deposit box as usual.
Thank you. Mr. President.
Dad. Is it safe to put it here?
Let's enjoy it for the time being.
And then…
we'll move it after my birthday.
I knew you would come here.
Piko.
Fella.
Are you okay?
I'm okay. How about you?
Ucup.
The painting in the National Gallery
is not the real one.
It's mine!
So we were just a decoy all this time.
A decoy in Permadi's plan.
-That cop's car is Joker's…
-Hey. hey.
So what if we're decoys?
Tuktuk took one for the team anyways.
-The cops got Ucup's ID as well!
-So what?
-He's a wanted man!
He's wanted but
Tuktuk is already arrested!
Don't you all get it?
We're just sitting here
while he's in jail!
This. right here.
is what I feared the most.
If one of us gets caught. what then?
So we're doing nothing.
What a bunch of crap.
You're the one with the plan. right?
You knew it inside out.
writing notes here and there.
But now you're quiet. you bastard!
We've always been together
since we were kids.
Now he's alone.
I don't know what he's doing.
I'm afraid they did something to him.
Tuktuk won't rat us out. right?
What did you just say?
My brother and I may not go to school.
but we're not snitches.
Just because you're rich.
Watch your mouth. bitch.
Why can't we just raid the police station?
-Go in. bring a weapon or two…
-Gofar.
Being reckless isn't a good idea.
But my brother is in there!
You guys realize that. right?
I have an idea.
That plan of yours was
flawless.
I've transferred your reward
of two billion to Poltak.
Ask him to re-open your case.
What about the Supreme Court judge
that you promised me?
That's tough.
Tough.
-Is it?
-Yeah.
I gave you a flawless plan
to get what you wanted.
It's time you returned the favor.
Poltak won't win the case without the
judge's intervention that you promised me.
Bud. I'm no longer the President.
You know that. right?
Poltak will find a way.
He's a crafty lawyer.
My part of our deal is done here.
Okay?
I can speak up about the painting
if I want to.
I knew you'd say that.
But listen to me. Bud.
I made your one and only son
get involved in this heist as insurance.
So. if you try to speak up
even just the tiniest bit.
your son might just join you in prison
for quite some time.
Oh. by the way. your son…
He's a great painting forger.
But. well…
He's also a stupid
and easy-to-control young man.
-Hey!
-Hey! Freeze!
Stay still!
Why are you dragging my son into this?
You know the law of the prison. right?
Hey.
Come on.
On December 10th. 1968 in Japan.
there was a heist so clever
they haven't solved it to this day.
Hey. hold on a second.
Why are we talking about a heist again?
I thought we were rescuing Tuktuk.
Just listen.
Let me continue.
Back then. a car was carrying
300 million yen
that was meant to be bonuses
for a factory's employees.
That highly-secured car was suddenly
stopped by a fully-equipped officer
around 200 meters
from their initial destination.
The officer gave them a warning
about a manager who was caught
in a bomb attack.
and his house blown up.
That officer told them
he'd got a report that
the car carrying the 300 million
had been planted with an explosive.
When the officer checked under the car.
it was true.
Sparks of fire and smoke emerged.
He said the car was gonna explode.
And it was chaos.
Before the driver realized
what was happening.
the fake officer had infiltrated the car
and run off with the 300 million.
He disappeared from their sight.
Hold on a second.
Are you saying that we…
We can disguise ourselves as cops.
We'll use the same tactics
and treat the car carrying the 300 million
as the prisoner car carrying Tuktuk.
This way we can release him from prison!
No. no. no.
Even if it's just a fake bomb threat.
once they catch us.
they'll charge us with being terrorists
on top of thieves!
Yeah. agreed.
-No can do. Ucup.
-Right?
Tuk?
Hi. assholes.
Tuktuk. you're released.
Please.
Sir! I was investigating him.
Why is he being released?
-He's still under investigation.
-He's not a suspect.
But we caught him in the act!
If we need more proof. time will tell.
He won't answer us anyway.
He ran away with the truck
since he was afraid of the thieves.
Makes sense. right?
You checked it yourself.
he's listed as the driver.
Let it go. Sita.
The painting is safe anyways.
-The exhibition was a success too.
-But not like this.
Tell me why we kept that kid
for three days here.
And that's it. And now I'm here.
Relax. I didn't rat you guys out
in the police station.
See? I told you so.
-But…
-What?
They know about Ucup.
If it weren't for Ucup's identity.
I wouldn't be out of there
and here right now.
That bastard. Permadi!
Let's retaliate.
Permadi did this to us
because he thought
we were just a bunch of kids.
But he must know
that we can fight back.
For Ucup.
-Sir.
-Here.
Go ahead.
LAUNDROMAT. PRISON IA. BANDUNG IV
All clear.
Mr. Poltak would like to speak to you.
This car will take you to a safe house.
You have 48 hours to completely disappear.
Remember. don't be reckless.
This is the best you can get
with two billion.
I won't deal with you if you get caught.
This is his weakness. Rama.
Permadi's beloved son.
Permadi resigned as president last year
due to a bribery case that involved Rama
being exposed to the media.
To suppress the news.
Permadi had to give up his position.
Rama is our way in.
For your information. he's a huge playboy.
So. our biggest shot would be…
Me? Why me?
Well.
What plan are you thinking of?
I took care of it.
Permadi has seen me once before.
Sure. but you wore a hoodie
back then. right?
Right?
Fella can help Sarah with a makeover.
Permadi's birthday is in two weeks.
He always throws a party at his house.
We can take some inspiration
from Sandra Bullock's movie.
Find an opening and make some chaos.
Sarah.
Catch Rama's attention.
Try to get close to him.
that he'd invite you
to Permadi's birthday.
We got him. guys.
Should we really do this. Far?
Go for it.
Here I go.
Hey.
Watch it.
All by yourself?
Yeah. It's just me.
Did you order drinks?
Can you order for me?
What do you want?
Your choice.
Sir. one like this.
Just relax. Loosen up.
Anyway. if I look closely.
you're still way more handsome.
You look like that boy band member.
Relax. She'll be here soon.
-There she is.
-Sarah.
How was it?
I'm done for.
He's such a pervert.
He talks big. but he's really lame.
-Did he take you home?
-Yeah.
-Good.
-You let him?
Of course not. I just chose
a random house in Pondok Indah.
-Is that your phone?
-Oh. yeah.
It's the pervert.
It's okay. Pick it up
and say you were sleeping.
We got him in the trap.
Your girl's awesome.
-Nice! We got it!
-I saw it firsthand!
I'm sure he won't display it
in an open space since it's a stolen item.
We have to have an insider
in Permadi's house before D-day.
We need to get into his security system
and find where he put the painting.
They'll be on standby
until the extraction…
to get the painting out.
Like Clive Owen's movie?
Indeed.
Wait. Hold on.
You want an extraction?
From inside to outside?
Yeah.
We don't even know
the inside of his house.
Well. we need to have access
to his event organization team.
Guess it'll be Tuktuk and me again.
No. Far.
-I'll do it.
-Okay. You're going with me.
Wait. could you even be hired?
You're a wanted guy now.
Where is the document?
Remember what I taught you.
What's the matter. Fel?
You even came here to talk to me.
Can't we talk at home?
Do you even have any time at home?
-Here's the document.
-Thanks.
Gito.
Please check everything
before we buy this company.
So. Mom.
I'm thinking of having a business.
Something I can operate
while studying in college.
There you go.
What kind of business?
So…
Here.
All the files we need.
From the event's breakdown. decorations.
catering. timeline.
and even the house plan.
This is amazing.
You were gone for three days.
and now you're back with all this.
Tomorrow. you and Ucup
can start work there.
-No CV required.
-Yes!
-How did you do that?
-Crazy.
She bought the company.
-No wonder.
-Damn.
Bestie.
From today. I'm in charge
of their operations.
Mr. Gito is the CEO.
How do you buy a company?
You won't get it.
-Damn.
-Yeah. I don't get it.
Guys.
Rama is asking me out to dinner.
Nice!
There. there.
Anya.
Have a seat.
Drink.
You look gorgeous tonight.
We have matching outfits.
Look. Is this fate?
We checked all the to-do lists
to get inside Permadi's house.
Tuk. Your car won't be able to reach here.
but I want you to take us here
no matter what.
THE SERVER ROOM
The server room. Far.
So. you need me.
Stop. What is this?
What's the problem. sir?
-What is this?
-It's the sound system.
-Okay. Go ahead.
-Go on.
Left or right?
Man. I've forgotten.
Let me ask. Hey. Ucup.
Is it left or right?
How should I know. dumbass?
-I can't see shit!
-What?
Did you just ask Ucup?
You two! What are you doing?
Excuse me. sir. Where is the server room?
Go straight. and then turn left.
-Straight and left. Thank you. sir.
-Yes.
Man. have you gone mad?
We could have been exposed!
You're not the only idiot here!
Fella. we're almost there.
Excuse me!
I'm looking for the storage room.
Is this it?
This is the CCTV room. miss.
I see. Where's the storage room. sir?
-There.
-Right there?
After 50 meters. go left.
-All right. thank you. sir.
-Sure.
Once we've got hold of the CCTV.
the first phase is cleared.
Is there anything that we can use
as a time bomb to get us out of there?
We need an extraction plan.
A time bomb?
Yeah.
A way to create chaos.
like I told you before.
Babe.
I'm the only one
who can get us out.
You okay?
Guys.
The package is here.
-We got no other choice.
-Dad.
I don't like this.
It's too risky for Sarah.
If something happens
what. then?
Listen. I got a plan.
Just give it a thought.
I'll modify the device
that I put in your car back then
so that we can control it remotely.
We can place it near the smoke detector.
How is it?
All yours. Boss Ucup!
Okay!
-Please.
-I'll try it.
Sure.
There's our time bomb!
Time to be real thieves.
You're a genius. bro!
One. two. three!
Okay. Yeah.
Excuse me.
Piko.
Done with the editing?
All right. done. Come on.
-Careful.
-Thanks.
-Let's go.
-Right.
Fella. we're ready.
Excuse me.
-Sir.
-Yes?
-Please. have some snacks.
-You didn't have to. miss.
-It's for me?
-Yes. sir.
It's no bother. We prepared it for you.
All right.
Okay. I'm going back now. sir.
Enjoy the food.
Nice! To keep me up all night.
We're good. Ucup.
Good.
The painting is in the East Pavilion.
Okay.
-Please deliver this.
-Okay.
Do you want a drink?
Give her that one.
EAST PAVILION CORRIDOR
What's wrong?
Let's go.
Piko.
What?
Finally! I can see the real
Raden Saleh painting!
Piko and I are in position.
Fella. this is bad!
Fella!
Our spot is taken by a grilled goat stall!
All right.
We'll have to improvise.
Let's improvise.
Improvise?
Come on. Piko!
I need a hand! Hey!
Piko!
It's Agus Suwage's. Ucup.
Bomb's in place.
Ten minutes before the chaos.
Wait!
How is it? Is the bar doing okay?
-All clear.
-Okay. Any complaints so far?
BE PATIENT. THERE'S SOME IMPROVISATION.
So far. nothing.
Okay. thank you.
Men. Check the CCTV.
Find the waiter who came
to the East Pavilion.
Check it now.
Sir!
Yes. copy.
Eagle one is ready at the front. sir.
Fella! Gofar! Where are you guys?
Damn! We almost got caught!
Give me a second.
Listen to me.
Five minutes' time. okay?
Gofar. The door is locked.
I'll handle that. okay?
-It's all good.
-Sinta.
Find out when the band will finish.
We need to bring out the cake after that.
Okay?
Thank you.
You ready?
Okay.
Five.
Four.
Three.
Two.
-It's not working!
-Huh?!
-What do you mean?
-It's not fucking working!
-What's not working?
-I turned it on. but nothing!
Tuktuk. Gofar. report what's happening.
Gofar will try to turn it on manually.
-I can't! I'll get caught that way!
-We got no choice!
Stop fighting.
Let's think up a solution for this.
But Piko and I are stuck here!
Excuse me.
Sarah. Gofar's device is broken.
The plan's busted.
We need a contingency now.
Where's Piko?
Stuck in the room.
Okay. Tell the others.
I'll be the time bomb.
-Just like my initial plan.
-You sure?
How was it?
Guys. Sarah's leading the plan now.
Sarah will be the time bomb.
That will never work!
Only my device can do it!
Hey.
What is it?
The party is so boring.
You want us to be alone?
Bastard. you pervert!
You! Teach her a lesson!
Happy birthday. Mr. President!
Thank you.
What's with the commotion?
Who are you?
May I get to know you?
The crowd won't scram. Cup.
Damn it!
The situation's changed!
Fuck! What should we do now. Cup?
You keep watch here. okay?
Hey!
Fuck! Get working! Come on!
It's chaos time!
What happened?
Hurry up!
Damn! So noisy!
Just go first!
What are you doing?!
Sir!
-Why didn't you do anything?
-What happened. sir?
Nothing is going on.
-There's an intruder!
-An intruder?
A fire broke out!
Move it!
-Come on.
-Let's go.
Slowly. okay?
Be careful.
-Go. The others will be with me.
-Okay.
All right. thank you.
-Careful. Fella.
-Yeah.
Shall we go?
Okay.
Meet at the empty space in 15 minutes.
Thanks. Fella.
They got away!
Everyone's safe.
It's done? We did it?
We did it. Man!
Piko!
Hurry! Hit the gas. Piko!
Hit the gas. Piko!
-Give me the key!
-We're only catering staff!
Give me the key!
Give me the key! Give it to me!
Piko!
Oh my goodness!
Move it!
What is this. Dad?
It wasn't supposed to end like this.
Why. Dad?
Why?
I could have set you free!
-No one can set me free!
-I can!
Permadi set a trap for both of us!
"Don't trust anyone else."
Is this what you meant?
This is the only way to save myself.
If only there was another way…
Forgive me.
Let's hurry!
Damn it.
Damn it!
Damn.
I lost him.
I don't have anyone now. Cup.
Piko.
You still got me.
You still got Sarah.
You still got the others.
All of us
are your family. Piko.
What happened. Piko?
Get him into the car.
Piko.
-The door's open. right?
-Is it open?
Come on.
It's Agus Suwage's. Ucup.
So what?
-You want that too?
-No!
-What about it then?
-A contingency.
Why don't we go with two plans. A and B?
Let's not choose. but run them both.
Bomb's in place.
Wait!
Okay.
Listen. Ucup.
This painting of Raden Saleh's.
as I said. it's not only about resistance.
Behind that episode of arrest.
there was also a story of betrayal.
You've planted a surprise
in the server room.
-A laptop is connected to the cables.
-Turn it off!
-But. Sir…
-Just turn it off!
It's about improvisation.
What we can learn
from The Arrest of Prince Diponegoro
is that he never had any contingency plan.
When the lights are out.
Gofar and Tuktuk will take the painting.
They'll put it into the sound mixer box.
Come on. Tuktuk.
Slowly!
-Get it tilted!
-Okay.
Tilt it more.
It's not enough.
So. from now on.
we cannot act without a contingency plan.
Are you done?
-We're done.
-Done?
Where do we go? Huh?
Rama. Rama. Rama.
Find the one who did this.
Yes. Boss.
Find it!
Pick it up.
You did great.
I saw you and Piko
bringing that painting outside.
I have an interesting offer.
A prospective buyer
would pay ten million dollars for it.
Hold on.
Hold on. Let me think.
So. Dini wants to buy this painting?
How much is ten million dollars?
One hundred and fifty
billion.
-One hundred and fifty billion?
-All of that's money?
One hundred and fifty billion.
Hey! Tuktuk! Gosh!
One hundred and fifty billion?
-One hundred and fifty billion?
One hundred and fifty billion!
-Crazy!
That's crazy!
RADEN SALEH GANG